[ADG-5358] KnowledgeBase AdGuard for Android (#9)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-android/solving-problems/tasker.md

---
title: How to automate AdGuard for Android
sidebar_position: 3
---

> Many people choose Android because they like having the ability to customize things and want to control their device completely. And it's totally normal if some of AdGuard users are not satisfied with its default behavior. Let's say, you want protection to stop when a certain app is launched, and then restart it again when the app is closed. This is a job for a tasker app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many people choose Android because they like customizing settings and want to control their device completely. And it's totally normal if some AdGuard users are not satisfied with its default behavior. Let's say, you want protection to stop when a certain app is launched, and then restart it again when the app is closed. This is a job for a tasker app.
```
